Add reference for other enocean gateways (#36275)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/enocean.markdown

The [EnOcean](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EnOcean) standard is supported by many different vendors. There are switches and sensors of many different kinds, and typically they employ energy harvesting to get power such that no batteries are necessary.

The EnOcean integration adds support for some of these devices. You will need a controller like the [USB300](https://www.enocean.com/product/usb-300/) in order for it to work. 

## Unsupported controllers/gateways

The following gateways are not supported by the integration:

> - All gateways that are based on the ESP2 protocol.  You can find an excellent guide to controllers and suitable integrations at this [gateway overview](https://github.com/grimmpp/home-assistant-eltako/blob/main/docs/gateways/readme.md).

Reviewer: We shouldn't be sending users to library documentation. If this is relevant for the user reading this page, we should include it here.

../Frenck

Author: You're right.  The relevant information is that a custom integration exists for the eltako gateways and that the gateways are explicitely listed.  So I changed accordingly.

Reviewer: Let's remove that link in that case, as the main comment still remain :D

> - All gateways that are based on the ESP2 protocol.  You can find an excellent guide to controllers and suitable integrations at this [gateway overview](https://github.com/grimmpp/home-assistant-eltako/blob/main/docs/gateways/readme.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- All gateways that are based on the ESP2 protocol:
```

> The following gateways are not supported by the integration:
> - All gateways that are based on the ESP2 protocol.  You can find an excellent guide to controllers and suitable integrations at this [gateway overview](https://github.com/grimmpp/home-assistant-eltako/blob/main/docs/gateways/readme.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Gateways that are based on the ESP2 protocol are not supported by this integration, including the devices listed below. For Eltako gateways, there is a custom integration. 
```
would this be an acceptable alternative?

Author: It is acceptable;  People looking for homeassistant and FTS14KS  (for instance) will know they have to search a custom integration.  It would have been nice to have a link, but I understand that this is not possible.  Do I have to do something now, or will you take it from here?

Reviewer 2: Good to know. Thank you for your quick feedback! I will wait also for approval from the reviewers.

Reviewer: We shouldn't be discussing custom integration in our documentation.

The [EnOcean](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EnOcean) standard is supported by many different vendors. There are switches and sensors of many different kinds, and typically they employ energy harvesting to get power such that no batteries are necessary.

> The EnOcean integration adds support for some of these devices. You will need a controller like the [USB300](https://www.enocean.com/product/usb-300/) in order for it to work.  Not all controllers are supported by this integration.  You can compare controllers like FAM14, FGW14, FTS14KS and USB300 at this excellent [gateway overview](https://github.com/grimmpp/home-assistant-eltako/blob/main/docs/gateways/readme.md).

Reviewer: As part of our integration quality scale, we aim to list the supported devices in our documentation.

Can we add it here?

For more information, see also: <https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/core/integration-quality-scale/rules/docs-supported-devices>
